Add example for mqtt in form of docker-compose (#4)
greenbone/eulabeia: CHANGELOG.md

## [21.10] (unreleased)

### Added

> - mqtt integration [4](https://github.com/greenbone/eulabeia/pull/4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add mqtt, example, handler for create, modify and get target [4](https://github.com/greenbone/eulabeia/pull/4)
```
